　It's only late October, yet one can already feel the brisk northern wind blowing by.[l] The road gradually loses its color with the setting of the sun. At the corner of a large building, inside an empty alleyway, pieces of fallen leaves dance elegantly in the wind.[l] Narrowing their eyes to prevent dust from blowing in, the people on the street scurry to their homes. 
　‘Maou’ raised his eyebrows as he watched the passing pedestrians, as if sensing the coming of winter.[l] His long period of translucence was coming to an end.
　To perform a white-collar crime, one must both meticulously conceive and boldly execute a perfect plan.[l] The time, place, and necessary sacrifices must be thoroughly thought out beforehand.[l] In order to achieve this perfection, ‘Maou’ had spent many years in planning.
　‘Maou’ wishes to kindle a power struggle within this city; a struggle to control the oceans of common men.[l] And just as the water in these oceans will always flow downward, the weak will always surge forward by the will of the strong.[l] Therefore, to rule these seas of men, he will simply have to use overwhelming power.[l] Yet if it becomes necessary in achieving his objectives, ‘Maou’ will not hesitate to interrupt this torrential current.[l] A sane man would probably dismiss his motives, believing them to be mere justifications of his criminal acts.[l] Still, even though people call him a devil, there are some that share his beliefs.
　As proof, ‘Maou’ had already found both the necessary money and ‘children’ to work as his underlings.[l] These children――young adults, really――are not simply crucial actors in the upcoming criminal performance, but also his loyal followers.
　――The battle will soon begin.
Devil
　Walking on a busy, flourishing street, the young girl felt awed by the sight.[l] When she was a child, the streets did not have four lanes, and the buildings were not as high as mountains.[l] However, in this day and age, her sighs disappeared quickly amidst the sounds of people walking through the intersection.
　The girl carried a worn brown suitcase.[l] Within the suitcase lies an expertly crafted violin.[l] Granted, its market value was nothing compared to a legendary instrument, like a Stradivarius, but this violin was the girl's most prized possession.
　She squeezed the handle tightly as her body gorged on emotion.
　Her mother's memento.
　Remembering her mother's death, her heart began to burn.[l] Within herself, with immutable confidence, lies an unwavering desire to fight.[l] The girl kicks off the ground with incredible force.
　She will never give up.[l] Not until she's accomplished her goal. 
Devil
......
I wake up at seven every morning.
Breakfast is always milk with toast.
And like every other day, I opened today's newspaper.
But despite all that routine, it's only after looking through my huge window and observing a city with more than ten million residents that I finally start to feel ready for the day.
Now, it's time for school.
After everything I had to take care of these past three days, school seems much more interesting.
Well, I'm ready to go.
...Huh?
A visitor this early in the morning?
I don't remember making any appointments...
Hello...?
The face on the screen looks familiar.
Umm... is this the Azai residence?
Excuse me, but who are you?
Oh, umm... I'm Miwa. Miwa Tsubaki.
......
I'm Azai Kyousuke-kun's classmate... well, the class representative.
Ah... that Tsubaki.
Eh? Azai-kun?
Yeah, it's me. Didn't you notice?
Modern intercoms shouldn't have any signal quality issues.
You sounded different. I thought it might be your father.
Hah. Well, don't worry about it, I apparently forgot you too.
Eh? You're kidding, right? Haven't we been in the same class since our first year?
...No, I'm not kidding.
It seems that I'm not fully awake yet.
Anyways, why are you here?
Well, you've been sick these past few days, right? So I was like... wondering what happened to you...
Everything's fine now. Tell you what, I'll be right down. Let's walk to school together.
A-alright!
Tsubaki sounded pretty happy.
Morning.
Tsubaki is one of those persons that improves your spirit by just being around her.
This is the first time I've seen where you live. It's so amazing.
Amazing?
Isn't this one of those luxury apartments? I've seen them on TV before. They say only rich people live in these complexes.
Well, I guess it is a bit big for just one person.
What!? You live alone?
I'm a man of wealth and taste, after all.
I smile wryly.
You live in the Eastern District, right?
Yup. The city here is really modernized, but there's nothing but fields out by me...
Then it should be nice and quiet, right?
Well, but a lot of foreigners showed up recently, so it's a little more busy than usual these days.
They're building a ski resort out there, right? People rave about the snow quality, I hear, so it's been getting a lot of publicity in Australia. Supposedly it's going to be quite the tourist attraction.
Ah, yeah.
The value of real estate out there is about 140,000 yen per square-yard, right? But then again, the developers are using a general contractor, so no matter how many hotels and restaurants they build, it won't benefit the residents too much...
Uh, mmhmm...
......
...There's no point in talking to Tsubaki about this.
You seem kinda rich.
I'm a man of wealth and taste, after all.
I'm writing this in my diary: Azai-kun is rich...
Tsubaki holds the red book to her chest, as if it were a treasure.
That diary is like a part of your skin. Is there some specific reason you carry it around all day?
Writing, writing.
Listen to me!
I arrived at Azai-kun's apartment at seven in the morning. It's unbelievably swanky. Today is a beautiful day. Period.
...We'd better hurry to school.
We finally began our trek to school together.
After a short fifteen minute walk, we arrived before the gates.
This school is known as the ‘Jiyuuga Saki’ School. As its name suggests, the school advocates freedom for its students. Many unique students attend here. There are even quite a few artisans and idols.
On the other hand, students here can easily graduate even if they don't concentrate on their academics. That's why many people think this is just a flimsy art school with no substance.
You know, Azai-kun's often absent from class. His sister's gone a lot too, but that's because she has to participate in figure skating competitions. But Azai-kun should be like me, just a regular student.
Mmmm, Azai-kun is a mysterious person, isn't he...? Period.
...I don't really understand what's going on, but apparently the explanation of the school is over.
Hey, Tsubaki.
Oh, sorry. Was I muttering out loud?
About my absences... didn't I tell you about that before?
Oh. It was because of illness, right?
That's not what I said.
Tsubaki tilted her head.
I'm absent because I help my Papa with work. Sometimes I even take business trips out of the country.
This is the first time I've heard you say this.
Really?
I swear. I'm certain of it, because I write everything I know about you in my diary.
Somehow that sounded a bit creepy...
But I just heard something good. Lemme write it down...
You're writing this down, too?
Azai-kun calls his father ‘Papa’... the way Westerners do. Period.
What's wrong with that? Even Honekawa-san says it like that.
Honekawa-san...? Oh, the guy in that anime?
Honekawa-san is my idol.
...Hmm. I think I'm starting to get in the groove.
Good morning!
Oh, hey, Eiichi.
That is Aizawa Eiichi-kun. As you can see, he's your typical pretty-boy. He wears shorts even in the winter. He's very popular among older women, and also a good friend of mine. Period.
...I'm once again in the dark here, but apparently she's done explaining the new character, too.
Gosh, the temperature just keeps dropping. Last night, I even got to hoping it would snow today.
A cute, puppy-like smile appeared on his face.
Hey, hey, Tsubaki-chan... did you read the new issue of CUNCUN yesterday?
CUNCUN is a popular women's fashion magazine.
No, not yet.
How about I lend it to you, then? This month they ran a special on perfumes. Oh, and one of the columns mentioned the new candy store in the Western District.
Eiichi knows a lot about popular women's topics.
Eiichi-kun, don't take this the wrong way, but you're even cuter than me.
Ehehe, so you think I'm feminine?
That's a good thing, though. It makes you really easy to talk to.
Well, thank you～!
I think this every time, but Eiichi's smile always looks perfect.
Oh, I almost forgot.
Eiichi once again flashes his bright white teeth.
I heard there will be a transfer student starting today.
In our class?
At this time of year...?
She's probably some new idol who moved here for her debut. It's not that unusual for one to transfer here in the middle of the school year.
It's a girl. I hope she's a cute one.
I just hope she comes to class every day. People are so busy towards the end of the year, so there's no one to talk to in class...
I think Kanon is coming today.
Oh, really? She's already back from the US?
Canada, actually. I just got the message last night.
She's really something else. She might even make the next Olympics.
Well, that all depends on how she does between now and then.
So, Kanon-chan's back... I really want to see her again...
It sounds like she's waiting for her lover.
...What a sweet girl.
Oh, I almost forgot. The teacher asked me to see her this morning.
Now that's the kind of stuff you should remember to write in your diary.
Sorry, I've got to go.
See you later.
Tsubaki dashed into the school building.
......
......
Eiichi and I stared at each other for a while.
Dammit...!
Wh-, what?
Damn that little bitch...
Huh?
What's with that, ‘Don't take this the wrong way, but you're even cuter than me,’ bullshit!? What was she trying to imply!?
Oh, come on. She didn't mean anything bad by it.
Me, cute? Don't be ridiculous.
Dude, what the hell? You were laughing with her, weren't you...?
I'm so fucking pissed. If I were two years younger, I would totally mount her ass.
Whoa, kid... she's our friend, right? If you've gotta think about screwing her, at least think about doing it gently.
Friend, family, whatever man, it doesn't even fucking matter! I'm a fucking sight to see when I snap, man. I just kill everyone in sight.
...What an idiot.
Finally, the bell rings.
Heheh, I guess I'll be fooling around with those stupid sluts again today...
Aizawa-kun, please hurry to the classroom.
Yes, coming!
...That was an incredibly fast personality switch...
There are about thirty students in this class. Five are absent today.
Shiratori-san didn't come today...
Are you good friends with Shiratori-san?
Not really... why do you ask?
Well... I'd kind of like to be her friend, too.
That's great.
Shiratori... Shiratori Mizuha... even though I forget a lot of stuff, that's one girl that I need to take note of.
Unfortunately, she's not here today...
Then, I realized how noisy the hallway was.
What's going on?
Goooood morning!
Oh, Kanon-chan!
The classroom immediately became livelier following Kanon's arrival.
Heya! How is everyone?
Sweet stepsister, you really are quite loud.
Long time no see, Kanon-chan. How was Canada?
Huh? Canada?
Well...
......
It felt like Canada～.
Sweet stepsister, you really are quite airheaded.
I, I see...
But, but, I learned the quad jump there!
She has a smug look on her face.
Amazing～! I heard that only a few people in the world can execute a quad jump!
But, but, I fall down on my butt when I land～!
She still has a smug look on her face.
I, I see...
Nii-san, Nii-san!
What? Why are you so excited?
Can I spend the night at your place today?
Huh?
I was stunned for a second.
Ahh... so it's started back up already. Kanon-chan's acting like a spoiled kid again.
Kanon-chan really loves her brother...
So, can I, can I?
Hold it right there. Today's a bad day.
Well, [ font italic="true" ]any[ resetfont ] day's a bad day...
Why?
Don't keep looking at me with those eyes...
Why, why, why? What's the problem?
Kyousuke, she's got you cornered...
I think I just saw an evil smile pop up on Eiichi's face.
Why? Because there's only one bed in my house!
So? We can sleep together.
Hey, now...
I think you're missing something here. Think about it. A non-blood-related brother and sister sharing the same bed? What is this, some third rate soap opera?
Huh?
Right, Eiichi? You tell her.
I... I'm too innocent to know about things like that...
...Asshole.
Look, you just can't. Go back home like you normally do. Papa wants to see you, too.
Don't wanna.
Now what...?
But just at that moment, as if God had intervened, my cell phone rang.
Oh, Azai-kun. You can't carry a cell phone in school. I told you, it's...
I ignored her and answered the phone.
Hello...?
Oh. Hi, Miki-chan! I had a lot of fun at the park the other day.
Huh?
Eh?
Yeah, I'm at school right now... what? Really? You want to do it again sometime? So do I...
...Who is it?
His friend, right? Azai-kun seems to have a lot of friends outside of school.
Kyousuke-kun's so popular, isn't he? What a lucky guy.
Hmm...?
...Sure. I'll call you again later. Alright, bye.
After the conversation, I looked at Kanon.
Who was it?
Just a little friend of mine.
Little?
She's your girlfriend?
Well, not exactly. It's hard to describe my relationship with Miki-chan...
Now I'm mad. While I was in Canada, you changed into a completely different person.
C'mon now, don't be like that. You know what they say. You're supposed to have fun while you're young.
So you were just ‘having fun’ with her!? I never knew you were such a heartless person!
Az-... Azai-kun has a girlfriend? I didn't know at all...
No, that wasn't my girlfriend...
I didn't know about it, either. Hey, introduce her to us next time.
You better watch your back, Nii-san.
W-what for...?
Whatever, I don't care anymore!
Turning her head, she sulked back to her seat.
Wow, that's a shock. Azai-kun already has a girlfriend. Period.
Haha...
School really is great. It's so... comfortable.
Hey, Eiichi.
What now?
Class is going to start without the transfer student.
Eiichi is sitting at the back of the class, reading a magazine instead of his textbook.
...Hmmm, that's strange.
Are you sure she's coming today?
I heard it from Noriko-chan, so it's definitely legit.
Noriko-chan is a teacher at this school. Supposedly she's in some sort of relationship with Eiichi, but I doubt it.
Why? You interested?
I'm always interested in women.
‘I'm always interested in women.’ God, man, quit pitching your tent in school.
Well, it's tough being a transfer student, right? She won't know her way around school. She might have trouble making friends. You know what I'm talking about.
So?
So she'll be easy to seduce.
You really are Mr. Hyde.
I don't really want to hear that from you, but I'll take it as a compliment.
When it comes to women, Eiichi and I have always seen eye to eye.
Oh, Kyousuke. Have you seen my pencil?
Eiichi looks all over his desk for it.
You ever hear of a guy named Newton?
Who?
Isaac Newton.
I'm Aizawa Eiichi.
Yes. Yes, you are. Your pencil is under your desk.
Who's Isaac?
A famous person.
Like some new mobile suit or something?
No, he's a famous physicist.
My favorite famous person is Fukuzawa Yukichi.
Because you like money?
No way, Bro. Don't you just think he's totally cool?
How is he cool? Would you mind sharing with the class?
He was like an amazingly fair person, and he said a lot of amazing things. He was totally amazing.
The only thing I understood was that you overused the word ‘amazing’.
Whatever. The guy was fucking amazing.
...If an ad agency ever hired Eiichi, he'd run them into the ground.
Of course, I also love money.
So it's about money, after all...
Oh, I guess class ended while we were talking. Even though this happens every time, our classes really are failing more every day, aren't they～?
...Fukuzawa Yukichi?
......
...Fuck you zawa.
It's still October, so the rooftop is quite cold...
Aren't you going to eat, Kanon-chan?
I'm on a diet.
For figure skaters, it seems that even one extra pound could cause balance problems during jumps.
Are you just eating junk food again, Eiichi-kun?
Well, I can survive off of chocolate alone.
I don't know if it's part of his ‘innocent’ image, but I've never seen him eat anything but sweets.
Azai-kun is... talking on his cell phone...
Even during breaks, I need to spend my time on the phone.
Uuh... looks like I'll be eating alone again.
Tsubaki sadly opened her lunch box and began to eat.
Haah...
Oh, you've finished talking?
Who was on the phone?
Seems like Kanon's mood hasn't improved since this morning.
Don't get the wrong impression. I was just calling your new maid, Kanon.
Maid?
Yeah. Her name is Kojima. She's a very affable person.
Why did you get me a maid?
Papa asked me to. He said the house will be a lot noisier after you're back.
Oh, I getcha. Since I have practice today, I'll be back home late. If I see her I'll be sure to say hi!
Where does your family live?
In the Southern District.
Tsubaki looked bewildered.
Wait, then why do you live by yourself?
To be closer to school! Right, Nii-san?
Well, I'm really out of it in the mornings...
Eiichi whispered beside me.
Ha... more like it's so you can bring women back.
Eh? Did you say something, Eiichi-kun?
Mmmm. Chocolate tastes sooo good!
One of these days I'm going to teach this kid a lesson he'll never forget.
Huh?
I pointed at that person without thinking.
What?
Wow, her hair is so long.
More like it's very thick.
......
She's staring at us.
Well, I guess you could say we're staring at her too, but she's been staring at us for a while now.
To be more precise, she'd been staring at me...
Who is she? I've never seen her before.
That's because you don't usually come to school.
So, you know who she is?
No, I don't.
Hmmm. You think she's an underclassman?
At that moment, Eiichi raised his hand excitedly.
Oh, I got it! I got it!
Got what?
The true identity of the girl with the long hair!
He has a smug look on his face.
My cell phone rang.
Oh, sorry...
Another call again!
Don't get mad. It's the same person.
Oh, the maid?
I answered the phone.
On the other end of the line is an old lady's voice.
Oh, hi. You're Kojima-san, right...?
Dammit, Kanon is annoying sometimes.
She's been following me around since we were kids...
I think I'm the only person in this school without a cell phone.
It's not like they enforce the rules here.
Listen to me!
It seems Eiichi really wants to tell us something about the girl with the long hair.
Hmm...
After giving the maid some simple directions, I hung up the phone.
Hey...
A voice spoke up from behind me.
Huh?
I turned around. A pair of large eyes stared at me from behind a long, thick, living creature of hair.
It was a lie, wasn't it?
Huh?
Eyes so clear that one could fall into them.
You said she was an affable person, right?
I saw a faint smile form in the corner of her lips.
So? What are you trying to say?
You said the maid was a affable person, but the next time you picked up the phone, you said, ‘You're Kojima-san, right...?’
I kept my mouth shut.
In other words, that was the first time you talked to the maid called Kojima. If so, how do you know she's an affable person?
......
Conclusion: you were not talking to the maid the first time.
Who [ font italic="true" ]is[ resetfont ] this girl...?
Uhm, Azai-kun? This is...?
Huh? Huh?
These two still don't get it...
Am I invisible or something!? I said listen to me!
Wait, make that three...
I'm not sure what you're trying to imply, but the person who recommended her told me about her affable personality.
I see...
Can it be? Is this weird girl...?
She's the transfer student!
......
The transfer student who was late on her first day stands before the class.
......
She keeps looking down at the floor.
Alright, would you care to introduce yourself?
As the class representative, Tsubaki organized this introduction.
Eh?
You don't have to be nervous. How about telling us your name, first?
Ah, haah...
She doesn't seem to be motivated.
My... name...?
She muttered in a voice that was hard to pick up.
She's a weird girl, isn't she?
Her hair is so long.
She's got a strange air about her...
Feeling awkward, Tsubaki tried to ask again.
Yeah, your name...
...Do I... do I really have to say it?
Well, sure you do! If you didn't, we wouldn't know what to call you, would we?
Haah... indeed.
She keeps sighing.
I am... Bin Laden.
W-what!?
You don't know that name?
She seems to be quite angry.
What in...? She's sooo weird.
Her hair's sooo long.
Beads of sweat appeared on Tsubaki's forehead.
Look... please just...
My name, right...?
Y-yeah...
I used to be called Hero.
Huh? Hero?
I mean like, if you had people say, ‘Hey, Hero. Go buy some hero bread,’ or something like that, it'd just crack you up, right?
Uh, Usami-san... you can stop...
Didn't I just say that you should call me Usami Bin Laden?
Eh?
Ah, crap, a pun.
Ahaha. I just made a pun.
Argh, I should shoot myself...
......
...Oh, and I play the violin, in case you're interested...
Ah. Oh, yes...
So she finally wants to introduce herself.
You know, when a musician gets arrested, the media calls them strange names. Like, ‘This morning, we apprehended the vocalist Satoh.’ Don't you think ‘vocalist Satoh’ sounds really weird?
My last name is Usami. If I'm ever on the news, would they call me ‘violinist Usami’?
And what if the criminal is a piccolo player? Then would it be ‘Piccoloist Usami’? I mean we're already talking about someone who did bad things and got arrested... adding Piccolo to their name is just overkill.
......
......
......
No one in the class responded.
Haah...
There she goes sighing again.
Well, everyone...
Even though I'm usually depressed, please be friendly towards me. Then maybe you'll see my cute side.
My name is Usami Haru...
I'm worn out already...
Usami Haru, huh...?
Is she some new comedian?
There's a pop quiz in math class this afternoon.
Apparently, it's a test that could affect my whole life.
Ahh... this is so hard...
Kanon mumbles to herself while tapping her head.
......
The mysterious transfer student, Usami Haru, is sitting in front of me.
Her posture is perfect.
Her back is perfectly straight as she writes down the answers.
Hey, Kyousuke...
Eiichi whispered to me.
The transfer student is writing weird things on her paper.
That's right, Eiichi can see her paper from his angle.
What did she write?
No idea, but I saw the word ‘kingdom’.
Huh?
This isn't a history test.
What the...? ‘The United Nations vs. Me?’
Wait, what are you talking about?
No, not me. The transfer student...
Eiichi has a blank look on his face.
She's drawing something. Is that a... a penguin? The name of the penguin is... Perry. Special technique: the opening of a country to the global economy... what kinda penguin from Hell is that...?
N-, now you got me interested...
Hey...
Suddenly, Usami turned around.
Don't look.
Eh?
You saw them, didn't you?
No, I...
This is a very important proposal.
Pro-... proposal?
She had a sharp look in her eye.
Oh, are you sketching up ideas for character merchandise or something? Or maybe for a game or something...?
It's not something as childish as that.
Childish...
Then, what is it?
Not telling.
I see.
I have no idea how, but it seems like I angered Usami.
......
......
...You're not curious in the least bit?
No, not really...
Well, fine, then...
For some reason, she seems depressed now.
......
What?
As if appraising an item, she examined me closely.
At this point, the bell rang.
It's finally over... I didn't understand one bit of that.
Kanon-chan, you shouldn't talk during tests.
Everyone's finally relaxed now that the test is over.
Hey...
Eiichi used his cute voice again as he came over to Usami and me.
......
Hi, I'm Aizawa Eiichi.
......
Usami-san, your hair's so fluffy and thick. It's really, really pretty! Which salon do you usually go to?
......
Usami doesn't say anything and continues staring at Eiichi.
What is it? I get cosmetic treatments sometimes, too, even though I'm a guy. But these days, I think it's important for men to pay attention to their appearance too.
Cosmetic treatments?
Right. Cosmetic treatments.
At a beauty salon?
Yeah... oh wait, you just moved to this city, so you wouldn't know the best places to go here yet.
Yeah, I've got no idea.
Then let me tell you. There's a salon downtown that hired a really famous stylist recently. Lots of celebrities go there.
Mmm.
...She doesn't seem interested.
Usami-san?
Tsubaki came over with a smile on her face.
Sorry about earlier. I couldn't give you a proper introduction.
Tsubaki is such a pleasant girl.
I'm so sorry. I'm a terrible class representative. You were probably nervous as heck, right?
Tsubaki is such a kind girl.
Do you think we could talk a bit more before we go home?
I think I'd rather go home now.
Hauu!
Critical hit.
...Ahaha, why not stay for just a few minutes?
Sorry, Etekichi-san.
It's Eiichi.
I apologize.
Why are you being so formal?
This is the way we speak in my hometown. I'm not from here.
Oh, you're from someplace far away. It must have been a tough trip.
Where are you from?
Huh?
...I asked you where you're from.
Ah...
The North Pole?
Don't be ridiculous. Nobody lives there.
Then the South Pole?
Stop using such extreme places.
‘Extreme’, huh? I guess that word was made for times like these.
...W-why are you saying that like you won something...?
Look, I'm really sorry, but...
Ah, sorry for holding you up.
......
Hm? What is it?
Could it be that you want to be my friend?
...Why the sudden change in attitude?
Do you want to?
Y-yes, yes. Let's all be friends.
How about starting tomorrow?
Huh? Starting tomorrow?
I haven't mentally prepared myself today.
So you need preparation. I see...
Yeah, sorry. Bye now.
Usami quickly got up and left.
Haah...
Yeah, I'm right there with you Bro...
Eiichi and I look at each other.
Yay! Now I'm friends with Usami-san!
Tsubaki, on the otherhand, was all smiles.
Nii-san, Non-chan has practice so I'll be leaving at mach speed.
Whenever Kanon's in a good mood, she calls herself Non-chan.
You'll be practicing until ten tonight, like usual, right?
You have to come watch me.
I plan to. I want to see Mama, too.
‘Mama’ is Kanon's mother.
But beyond that, she's also Kanon's figure skating coach.
Come by around seven. We can eat dinner at rinkside!
She clings to my arm.
Okay? Okay?
She swings my arm around.
Kanon has always used expressive body language.
I got it. Seven o'clock, right...?
Heehee. Awesome～!
She buries her face in my chest.
...Wait a minute. We're at school, people will see us...
Non-chan doesn't care.
Oh, well. You were always like this...
Well, it's because she's like this that she can perform in front of an audience.
Well, see ya!
She did a little jump and left.
Oh, Azai-kun.
What is it?
Are you going home?
Yeah.
Ah, I see... I see.
Huh?
Ah, well, um...
Tsubaki seems nervous.
...What is it?
A-... are you free right now?
Well, I guess so...
Oh, really...? Uhhh... hold on a sec.
Stop looking through your diary. What do you need?
S-... so do you want to go out somewhere with me?
...So she just wants to go out.
Sure. But only until six. I have an appointment with Kanon later tonight.
Oh, yeah, that's no problem. It's not good for me to get home too late, either.
We're just hanging out. Why all the fuss?
Because inviting you somewhere after school makes me nervous, Azai-kun.
Is that so?
You always seem rushed to go home, right? So I always thought you must be busy.
You don't have to worry too much about that...
But this is so great. Now we can be even better friends.
Tsubaki smiled innocently.
She really is a sweet girl.
It's almost November, so the sun is starting to set early these days.
Oh?
Isn't that Eiichi-kun?
Eiichi's standing by the school gate, talking to a female teacher.
What's he doing?
I don't know. But it sure looks like he's into that teacher.
Ah, I see... so Eiichi-kun likes older women?
And then, get this, Miss Noriko...
And apparently, he's trying to make a pass at her.
I'm raising a rabbit now～.
How cute.
Its name is ‘Jumpy’. Cute name, right?
Yes, yes. Very cute.
That's so disgusting...
Oh, yeah. You also have a puppy, right?
Yeah, a Maltese. It's so cute.
Very cute.
I also have some fish at home. Oh, and a parrot too.
Eiichi's house is a regular zoo.
If you have time, how about coming by and taking a look?
...You mean go to your home?
Yeah, we can have dinner together. I'm a really good cook.
Hmmm. I have after-school duties this week, so I'd be getting there pretty late. What do you think?
It's no problem, come on over. I won't do anything strange.
Anything strange?
Huh? Uh, well, no... nothing. (Shit, I almost let it slip. Wait, don't panic, calm down. I need to play it cool. I need to show her how cool I am.)
...Let's just ignore them.
Let's go, Tsubaki.
Oh, I hope Eiichi succeeds in his romance.
In a city full of young people, the streets during the evenings are always full of life.
This is Central Boulevard, the heart of Tomanbetsu City's Central District.
Fast-food restaurants, coffee houses, karaoke bars, and so on; all sorts of entertainment hotspots exist for young people who don't go home right after school.
Wow, it's so crowded. I'm getting lost.
Are you some country bumpkin?
I've never been to Central Boulevard. It's kinda scary, and I feel like a bad girl for not going home directly after school.
You know, you're just like one of those perfectly innocent girls out of a manga.
Indeed. If we keep walking, we'll come across a lot of clubs and studios. Then we'll wander right into the red light district.
Do you come here often?
Me?
...How should I respond?
I often skip classes, and my grades and physical evaluations are mediocre. My image at school is that of someone who plays cool but is a frivolous womanizer.
...I go shopping around here every once in a while.
By yourself?
Why do you ask?
Oh, no reason. It's just that you seem to have a lot of friends outside of school.
Sometimes I'm alone. Sometimes I'm with another person.
...
Are you in a club?
...It seems that this girl...
By clubs, do you mean a dance club or a boxing club?
...Wants to know more about me recently.
Sorry if it sounds like I'm doing a background check. It's just, you know... even though we're always in the same class, I don't know anything about you.
...If we're always in the same class, then why would you wait until now to approach me?
Haha... to be honest, I'm usually with a woman.
...Let's try to get her to despise me a little.
There's no way to sugarcoat this, really, but uh... I'm a pretty lecherous playboy.
I need to maintain just the right distance from my classmates. Not too close, and not too far.
Sorry. You must hate womanizers like me, right?
Yet she smiled.
How silly! Of course not!
......
It's a little scary, sure, but I probably only think that because I don't know enough about people like that.
I studied Tsubaki's expression.
‘It's not nice to judge people you don't know,’ right?
There isn't even a tiny bit of insincerity in her smile.
Therefore, until I fully understand you, I can't possibly hate you.
...I see.
I don't think it would be overgenerous to consider Tsubaki a gentle and pure human being.
Well, let's not just stand here and chat. Where should we go?
I'll just follow your lead.
How about a coffee shop?
Sure. I'm a little nervous, though.
Is this your first time going to a coffee shop?
Is there anything I need to bring? Like something to take notes?
You're fine as-is. Just follow me.
The coffee shop ‘Lapis Lazuli’ is a quaint little spot here on Central Boulevard.
It's calm, and the clientèle is generally a pretty nice crowd.
For someone like Tsubaki, this is a perfect place.
Whoa, nine hundred yen for a single cup of coffee!?
She really is one of the common folk...
Where do you normally go to have fun?
Mmm, the swings in the park?
Huh? What are you, a child?
Is that weird?
Well, not exactly...
I also make sandcastles.
...Is this girl actually lonely...?
What I meant was, do you go shopping or sing at karaoke bars? You know, things that people your age normally like to do?
I go shopping sometimes. You have no idea how often I need to buy more diaries.
That's because you write down everything.
Do you have any hobbies, Azai-kun?
Me?
...How should I answer this?
I like to play around with women.
Huh? What do you play?
Just kidding. To be honest, I'm glad you didn't get that one.
You mean, like playing hide-and-seek?
...Why are children's games the only things she can come up with...?
If you really want an answer, it's music.
The truth leaks out of my mouth before I can stop it.
Music, huh? Oh, I love visual kei.
You're into heavy music, then? I personally prefer classical.
 an interesting little tidbit.”
There you go taking notes again.
Keep going, keep going. Who's your favorite composer?
...Probably J.S. Bach.
Eh? Sorry, could you repeat that?
I just told you, Bach.
Oh, Bach. Sorry, the initials kind of threw me off.
There are many ‘Bachs’ in history, because it's a family name. But the most famous Bach, the one I referred to, is Johann Sebastian Bach. Some people call him the ‘Big Bach’.
......
Tsubaki suddenly stopped writing.
Huh? Why did you close your diary?
Well, I've just never seen you with such a big smile on your face before...
A big smile?
Sorry. That must've sounded strange.
Is she trying to say I'm showing off or something...?
But you know, I saw a totally different side of you today. I'm very happy.
...No. She's definitely not that type of person.
Next time we meet, do you think I could borrow some CDs from you?
Sure... oh, a new Bach CD is coming out tomorrow. Of course, when I say ‘new’, it means a new compilation of his works.
You're looking forward to it?
Well, to be honest, I really am. I've been literally counting off the days to release on my fingers.
Well, can we go together to buy it tomorrow?
...Can I take your planning for tomorrow to be a sign that you're ready to head home?
Oh, yes. Sorry. The sun's setting a lot sooner nowadays, you know? But we'll be able to play tomorrow too, so it's no big deal.
...We haven't even started the whole ‘playing’ part yet. Oh well.
Let's go, then. I'll pay the tab.
My tea was 950 yen.
She gave me a thousand yen bill.
Hold on. Let me see if I have a fifty yen coin...
Dangit. I don't have change.
Oh, don't worry about it.
No, I'll go get some change.
Please, like I said, don't worry about it. After all, I'm the one who asked you to come.
She insisted on giving me the money.
No, I can't do that.
You're too uptight... it's just fifty yen.
I stared at Tsubaki.
I already told you, I can't do that.
Huh?
Even if it's just fifty yen, money is still money.
Tsubaki stopped smiling.
...Understand?
Tsubaki once said,
"It's not nice to judge people you don't know."
But I know, without a shadow of a doubt...
...that anyone who doesn't value money is, in most cases, evil.
......
...
I walked Tsubaki all the way to the subway station.
Be careful on your way home.
Okay. See you tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
Stop joking around. We agreed to go buy that CD together, remember?
I don't know how to respond.
...So we did.
Also, I need to buy a new diary. I would be happy if you went with me.
There may be an emergency, but if that's all you want, I think I'll have time.
Emergency?
Yeah, um... that must have sounded kinda strange.
You mean you might get a call at any time?
A call?
Your phone's always ringing, Azai-kun. At least it seems that way.
...She really does seem to be interested in me.
Well... like I said, I should have the time.
Really?
Tsubaki smiled and waved at me.
Alright, then! Bye-bye!
Yeah...
Tsubaki walked down into the subway station.
Now...
There are so many things I still need to take care of today.
Just as I was about to leave, I felt something tug at my memory.
It's six right now.
...Didn't I have an appointment at six?
Something about Kanon...
...I think so, actually. The skating rink, or something...
......
Oh well... if I can't remember it, then it probably wasn't too important.
...I don't think I made any appointments.
Time to head back.
Azai-kun!
Huh?
Great! You haven't left yet.
What happened? Why'd you run back like that?
Trying to catch her breath, Tsubaki said,
...Um, could you give me your phone number?
I chuckled.
Oh. Is that it?
I told her my number.
Thank you.
What's yours?
I don't have a cell phone.
Eh? In this day and age?
I guess it doesn't really seem necessary.
But that's pretty inconvenient, isn't it? Let's buy one while we're out tomorrow.
That's alright. The home phone is good enough.
Girls like her are rare these days.
I'll call you later. Be sure to answer the phone.
Okay...
This time, Tsubaki really left.
But still...
Why did she suddenly become interested in me?
Hmm. I don't think I should get too close to her.
Treading upon the stones of Central Boulevard, I begin my walk home.
People often say I'm absentminded.
But when it comes to money, I'll never miss a beat.
The ones who do could never dream of reaching my level.
When I arrived home, I immediately walked into the study and picked up the phone.
Sorry to bother you. Are you by any chance the president of Kotani Incorporated?
On the other end of the line, the voice of a middle aged man full of anger replied.
This is Kotani. Who the hell are you!?
He must think I'm weak just because I sound young.
My name is Azai Kyousuke. Nice to meet you.
Azai Kyousuke...
His voice faded.
Oh, right. Azai Gonzou's right-hand man.
Right-hand man...
People used to say that I was just a little small fry that leeched off of his father's position. Looks like people's opinions of me have risen recently.
Since the brain of the Azai Corporation is talking, I'll be blunt. You're trespassing on our turf. How do you plan on ‘compensating’ for this?
The Azai Corporation is a yakuza group with diffuse connections throughout both the underworld and the police force.
It's also a major member of the Souwa Alliance.
My father, Azai Gonzou, is one of the leaders of the pack.
Due to police crackdowns, the days when yakuza used force to fight over territory have passed.
On the verge of collapse, the yakuza bosses gathered together and proposed a peaceful coexistence doctrine. They then began to use legitimate businesses as fronts.
The one that acted as a spearhead for this conversion from underground society to the normal world was the Azai Corporation.
Compensating...? Well, you certainly don't sound too calm about this.
On the surface, the Azai Corporation is legal, but it really is just a Souwa branch company.
Basically, the Azai Corporation is the front for Souwa. It manages the group's financial affairs, like real estate, construction, tourism, dining, theme parks, golf courses, and much more.
Our revenue compares favorably with even the biggest legitimate corporations.
The clubs and hotels in the Central District are supposed to be under our jurisdiction.
Unfortunately, we have some disputes with other organizations within the circle. For example, the person yelling at me right now.
Of course, these types of conflicts are common in business, and they should be common sense by now. Yet these yakuza are still stuck in their old ways of settling things with informal dealings like this.
I'm terribly sorry, but there wasn't anything that suggested only you could open clubs and hotels there.
This is bullshit! That's been my turf for ten years! How could you not know about this!?
...He's right. I knew about it.
I also know that those hotels and clubs make up most of his revenue.
Nothing in this world remains constant, even long-term collaborations. Otherwise, you'd never see divorces, right?
What did you say?
His breathing became wild.
Kotani-san. You seem to have misunderstood something. This isn't about us trying to take over your turf. We're merely expanding our market.
It's just that our company worked a little harder than yours. This is a legitimate business. Within that context, is there really any need to ask a competitor's opinion on how we should conduct ourselves?
At that moment, I heard something break on the other end of the line.
He probably kicked over his desk out of anger, insulted that he was being criticized by a mere boy.
Listen, you little shit. We're a front for the Souwa Alliance too, you know. In other words, we're like brothers to the Azai Corporation.
And?
Stop fucking with me. Are you trying to take money from a brother? You're the son of someone in the business, and you don't even know your manners!?
Technically, I'm not a part of the ‘family’.
And anyway, Azai Gonzou never taught me such courtesies.
Azai Gonzou told me this, instead: when talking to idiots like this man, one must have the mind of a hunter before his prey.
Oh, sorry to change the subject, but I believe your company has a lot of cash at hand, right?
Aah!?
They came from illegitimate business deals, didn't they?
Watch your mouth, boy. What proof do you have?
I checked up on your company's recent actions. I found contracts from backdoor dealings in order to conceal your income and numerous bank accounts using fictitious names. Don't you think the police would be interested in these documents?
I have no idea what the fuck you're talking about!
I didn't let up on my prey.
I'll just go ahead and make these public, then.
I can imagine the expression on his face.
Y-, you trying to blackmail me?
Of course not. I've always preferred legal methods when it comes to settling disputes. As long as you can accept our recently-opened clubs and hotels in the Central District, I'll be quite satisfied.
A murderous cry poured from the receiver. It was filled with humiliation.
And with that, he finally surrendered.
After all, I held the ace.
All that's left is to put just a tiny bit more pressure on him.
Well then, it's been nice talking to you.
When I put down the phone, I checked my email, and picked up the phone once more.
Hey, it's Kyousuke. Thanks for taking my call.
...This has been my life ever since I met Azai Gonzou.
I'm calling to speak to you about the bill from the Showa Management Company...
...An enormous sum of cash circulates under my direction, yet I'm not even a formal employee of the Azai Corporation.
Yes. I read your proposal, but that's not enough...
...I'm just a student, but my decisions can cause companies to go bankrupt, or even condemn people to ruin.
Yes... generally speaking, a company needs to prepare three copies...
The only thing I learned up until now... is that money is everything.
One copy for the shareholder, one copy for the bank, and one for the business you're dealing with. Of course, each copy needs to be slightly different. I'm sure you know this, right?
Everyone lives for money. Their lives revolve around money.
That's correct... no, no... that company won't last much longer if you ask me... sure...
Age, sex, occupation... none of these matter when compared alongside one's accumulated wealth.
Not at all. If you're happy with my advice, I can give you as much as you want... right...
...Everyone fears and respects me.
――But I won't stop here.
I want more power.
At the moment it's just the Azai Corporation, but someday, I'll take over all of Souwa.
Then I'll have the power to affect society as a whole.
Politicians, CEOs of multinational corporations, they'll all bow before me.
What I want is the position of the puppet master in the shadows.
It's just like...
‘So you're going to be a hero, huh? Then I'll...’
......
Like... what?
A sharp pain is throbbing in my forehead.
‘What's going on?’ the person on the other end of the line asked.
Hm? Oh, it's nothing. I look forward to doing more business with you in the future.
I quickly hang up the phone.
I never bother to remember anything from my daily life that doesn't have anything to do with money――school, for example.
I rested for a while in the living room.
Suddenly, I was watching my hands reach out for a coat.
My memory of that day... ended there.
......
...
